Report to Long Shuai
Ma Long Tai, President of Haicheng Chamber of Commerce, has arrived
Under Marotai, see Lord Long Shuai
Get up, Xie Longshuai
You came just in time
You already know why I sent you, right?
You never have to worry
understand
Rural adults plan to hold an investment promotion conference
Create Phoenix for Haicheng to attract investment
The common people are good
Do it now
It includes this time's investment promotion meeting.
The scale must be large
This Marshal must let the people of Haicheng
Live a better life
Evacuate understand
Lord Dong Shuai
I have something to report
Said that there was news from the imperial capital
After the new governor takes office
Li Wei can only be investigated by the pattern
In addition, the bearer Wei Jun from the imperial capital
We can't reach Haicheng until after the third term.
Only then can the Feng family be sent to Niguta
So be it.
It is to let the imperial capital arrange for the subordinates to retire
Light Snow
I told you to go back early and rest for a while.
An old classmate just called
Said to have a class reunion
Are you going?
It's true that I haven't seen them for a long time at the class reunion
But ah but what
You have to stay here tonight